The devil you are to contract is in this room.
It's the Future Devil.
There are two people in the Bureau who have a contract with him.
One gave over half of their lifetime.
The other one gave both eyes,
plus their senses of smell and taste.
You might lose less if it takes a liking to you.
Go on in.
The future is the best!
Yeah, yeah!
Come on, give me a "The future is the best!"
I've come here to form a contract with you.
Tell me what you want from me.
You've got the worst attitude of anyone so far.
But anyway. Show me your future.
I'll think about your terms based on what I see.
Put your head into my belly.
Otherwise I can't see your future.
Here are the contract terms.
Allow me to reside inside your right eye.
In exchange, I'll lend you my power.
You're thinking, "Is that all?", right?
The reason is that you're going to die
a horrible death in the future.
Do you want to know how it'll happen?
You'll—
Don't bother.
I don't care how I'm going to die.
As long as I can kill what I want to kill,
I don't care what happens afterwards.
Go ahead and get in.
Hm, okay.
From now on, we don't need
to keep training every day.
Let's go for one day a week.
Yay...
Awesome...
Keep your head cool even in the heat of battle.
Keep track of your weapons and surroundings at all times.
Since you've made it this far,
we'll go into real combat tomorrow.
What real combat?
We're all going out to get the samurai-sword dude
and the snake bitch who killed Himeno.
It'll be the new Fourth Division's debut.
If we fail, the division's finished.
And if that happens, you two will be disposed of.
You'll have to fight me for real.
If that happens, I'll let you off with your life.
What?
As thanks for training me up.
Now I can be better at killing devils.
And that'll help me get together with Makima.
Thank you for doing this; I know how busy you are.
I hope you can keep training Denji and Power.
I'm kinda fed up with those two.
Every time the dogs I train die,
I have to drink more and more.
I thought I wouldn't have any guilt
if I could think of them as toys,
but in my old age, I seem to get
worked up over toys, too.
So, what did you want to talk about?
The attack on the Special Divisions.
The people at the Bureau aren't stupid, you know.
You knew about it and did nothing to prevent it.
I was attacked myself, you know.
No matter what totally inhuman actions you take,
or how many of the pet dogs you get killed,
I'll keep letting you off
as long as you remain an ally to humanity.
And only that long.
I just want to save as many people as possible
from falling victim to the devils.
If our current plan succeeds,
the existence of the Fourth Division
will be actively reported on.
And then it will be easier for us to act
and be more effective in saving people from devils.
The boss is now staying at the villa.
Young Master, you also—
As long as Makima is alive,
there's nowhere to hide in all of Japan.
We've made preparations to defend this location.
So shut up.
You shut up, woman!
Young Master!
If grandpa was here,
he wouldn't even consider running.
Plus, that piece of shit Denji is in the Fourth Division.
I'm definitely ripping his heart out this time.
You don't need to worry about your Young Master.
Even if he dies, he can revive.
More importantly, those of you
staying in here, be careful not to get bitten.
Bitten by what?
What are you talking about?
We have a secret weapon in the basement.
Grandpa's parting gift.
The zombie army made up of
the scum who couldn't pay their debts.
If a human is bitten by a zombie,
they become another zombie.
That's how we'll take out the Fourth Division.
We'll do some sight-seeing in Tokyo,
then head back to Kyoto.
We'll probably never meet again,
so let me ask you one thing.
I heard you want to go after the Gun Devil.
Do you really think you can kill it?
You lost to the guys who killed
around twenty members of the Special Divisions.
Do you think you can win against a devil
that's killed over a million people?
To be frank, the two of us also joined the Bureau
because of what the Gun Devil did to us.
Still, we don't think we can kill it or anything.
It's obvious at a glance that we can't.
To be honest, watching you is a bit irritating.
You're weak, yet you chase your goal
like a manga protagonist.
It's so cringey, I get goosebumps.
See, right here.
I don't see any.
Are you done complaining at me?
Just shut up and watch.
And when I lose and die,
come laugh at me.
I know that I've lost sight
of what's possible for me and what's not.
But I also understand that
that's the only way to go about this.
Thank you for the coaching.
Aki!
I'm annoyed at you, but I'm also rooting for you.
So let me tell you one last thing.
Everyone in the Special Divisions
is nuts, so be careful.
Our guest is from the Public Safety Bureau.
Bring out the good tea.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Looks like our youngsters in Tokyo
went and started some ruckus on their own.
I'm ready to answer any question you have.
I want you to be confident
that it was not on my orders.
From what I've heard, this Sawatari woman
was behind the whole thing.
Through her, some of our youngsters
seem to have made contracts with the Gun Devil.
What are the terms of the contract?
Each contractor pays 20,000 yen to the Gun Devil
in return for a gun, plus ammo for it.
Guess devils need cash too.
Not that different from humans, huh?
I'd like you to write down the names
of all members of your group
who made contracts with the Gun Devil.
Sure. You got it.
Put them in the slammer for a while
so they can learn their lesson.
I'd also like the names
of any members of other groups.
Huh?
Listen here, missy.
You don't know what you're asking for.
If it got out that we snitched,
we'd have a war on our hands.
That's not very smart.
It's for the safety of the people of this nation.
I ask for your cooperation.
Missy, have you heard of necessary evil?
You want us to wipe each other out?
Then you'd have foreign mafia getting into Japan.
I admit it, we do bad things.
But it's nothing compared to what
the Chinese or Soviet mafia would do.
That's what we're preventing.
Just like devil hunters
protect humans from the devils,
we, the yakuza, protect the Japanese people
from the foreigners.
Though I've heard many devil hunters are uneducated,
so maybe it's normal that you don't get it.
I'm not selling people out for small change.
This isn't money.
Everyone here has someone they care for.{until "their eyes" is actually a single big sentence in japanese. But if you do it like that in english, because of the almost opposite word order, you'd have to put "eyes" at the start, which kinda ruins the suspense of the moment. So I split it up like this.}
Fathers and mothers,
grandmas,
grandpas,
brothers,
sisters,
lovers,
wives.
It's their eyes.
Eyes?
But don't worry.
The Bureau has someone who can restore those eyes.
If you cooperate with us,
I will introduce you to that person.
You bitch!
What you call "necessary evil"
is just an excuse you use
to make your ill-doings seem righteous.
Society has no use for that excuse.
The real necessary evil is something
the state keeps firmly at the end of a leash.
All of the exits have been surrounded
by the Second Anti-Devil Division and police.
The Fourth Special Division
is in charge of entry and clearance.
We'll kill as many Bureau agents
as we can, and take Denji's heart.
After that, if need be,
the two of us can get away on the Snake.
I'm going to kill Denji.
Try to keep your head cool.
I wanna go home.
If you wanna leave, then go on and do it.
But I've been through special training.
I'm going to slaughter that sideburns dude.
And we got smarter in that special training as well.
Easy victory!
I wanna go home.
What's the plan?
There is no plan.
We throw everyone from the Special Division
into the building.
EXIT
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
EXIT
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Excuse me.
EXIT
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
CAUTION
VEHICLES EXITING
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
My name is Shiina. I'm a lieutenant
with the Kanagawa prefectural police.
Furuna, Second Anti-Devil Division.
I'm Kishibe, commander of the Fourth Special Division.
Today, the police and Second Division are sealing the exits from the basement and the first floor,
while the Fourth Special Division
will be dealing with the terrorists inside.
Thus, there is only one thing
for you to be paying attention to.
Most members of the Fourth Special Division
are non-humans.
If anyone from the Fourth escapes into the city,
they'll cause more harm
than these terrorists ever could.
So you need to be prepared for battle
with the Fourth rather than with terrorists.
I'll explain how to deal with each member.
Zombie! Zombie!
It's all-I-can-eat!
The Shark Fiend.
He can swim through all kinds of surfaces,
like walls and the ground.
For short periods of time,
he can regain his devil form.
Oh, sorry about that.
You looked so bite-y, I mistook you for a zombie.
The Violence Fiend.
Normally, a devil gets weaker
when it becomes a fiend.
But this one's too strong even as a fiend,
so we have him wear a poison-filled mask at all times.
Whatever happens, don't remove his mask.
Hey, girl, you should get out of here.
If a human gets bitten, they turn into a zombie.
Oh, you're a devil.
The Spider Devil.
Most of the time, she maintains a human form.
Devils that appear human are usually
friendly towards us, but a devil is still a devil.
She'll kill humans if they bother her.
Yuck.
Now my shoes are filthy.
This is the worst.
The Angel Devil.
He's a special case, and has no animosity
towards humans, but don't get near him.
Touching him drains your lifespan.
Hey, you.
Got a handkerchief?
I'm surprised how willing you are to get close to me.
Touching me would shorten your lifespan.
Through cloth is fine, if I recall correctly.
Ouch.
Devil, take this man outside.
It's better than fighting, at least.
You three.
Huh?
The fiends can handle this.
We're going for the samurai-sword man
and the snake woman.
What? You know where to look?
No.
Split up and look for them.
Give yourself up and—
Snake.
Spit out.
Damn you!
Ghost.
Kill that man.
You're fighting better than last time.
With my power, your right eye
can see a little while into the future.
Up to you to use what you see, though.{TLC: mmm this works well and flows good but is somewhat bordering on a mistranslation. He's literally saying: "But that's all you can do" or "That's all my power does, though"}
Go ahead and strangle him to death.
V
x
t
i
z
u
o
m
z
l
b
s
e
a
f
n
w
c
n
p
e
o
z
!
g
s